Let's look at how we query.
The first step is to implement what's called a query resolver,
which will use this location repository to query the database.
So navigate to query.java and you will see that
query.Java implements the GraphQL query resolver.
So this allows spring to automatically detect and call
the right method in response to one of the GraphQLQueries,
declared inside of the schema.
So let's navigate back to the schema.
Notice we have one query that's defined here on line eight called findAlllocations.
So this findAlllocations is going to be
mapped to this findAlllocations method in the query class.
It's very simple, all it does,
it calls the find all method on
the location repository which retrieves a list of locations.
GraphQL has the ability to update the data stored on the server by using a mutator.
So let's navigate to mutation.java.
Notice that the mutation implements the GraphQLMutationResolver.
So this resolver again,
allow spring to automatically detect and call the write method
in response to one of the GraphQL mutations declared inside of the schema.
So let's navigate back to the schema.
Here, we have three mutations.
On line 12, we have the ability to create a new location, on line 13,
we have the ability to delete a location,
and on line 14, we have the ability to update a location.
So let's navigate back to mutation.java.
So each mutator is going to be mapped to one of the methods here in this mutation class.
Notice for the new location,
it's going to create a new location and call the save method of the location repository.
For the delete, it's very simple.
It's going to use the location repository to delete a location by id,
and the update location name here it's going to take this new name.
It's going to find a location,
and that comes back as optional.
If it was able to find that location,
it's going to set the new name and
save it using the save method of the location repository.
Now, if it can't find that location in order to update it,
it is going to throw a location not found exception,
and we'll talk about that in a moment.